I have booked an early morning flight to reach Mumbai from Ahmadabad. The Indigo flight was at 5:20 in the morning and it was at the right time. It reached Mumbai by 6.50 A.M. It was a nice experience. They have good vegetarian snacks and tea/coffee. Thanks to Cleartrip for low airfare.
user-rating: 5
author: "Mukesh Singh"
Last week, I searched some cheap Ahmadabad to Mumbai flights online and one of my friends suggested me to check it on Cleartrip. It really worked as I got tickets in Indigo airline at comparatively cheap rate. Additionally, the flight was good seats were comfortable and crew was hospitable. I earned reward points in my wallet. Thanks to Cleartrip.
user-rating: 4
author: "Samesh Agarwal"
I live in Mumbai and I am a frequent traveller to Ahmadabad for my textile trading business. I always book a flight for this route through Cleartrip because it is reliable and offer good customer support. Last week, I travelled with Indigo-6E214 and my experience was satisfactory. It definitely could be improved in terms of cleanliness and complimentary snacks.
user-rating: 3.5
author: "Sandip Tiwari"
For a family vacation I booked four flight tickets with SpiceJet airlines to travel form Ahmadabad to Mumbai through Cleartrip. The scheduled time of flight was 5:30 A.M but flight got delayed and got rescheduled to 6 am. This made most of the passengers furious. Somehow, they were pacified by the airlines. The journey however was fine. Snacks were good and staff was polite.  The time we spent on the Ahmadabad airport was also good as airport is quite good.
user-rating: 3.5
author: "Pawan Mehta"
Travelling from Mumbai airport to hotel is really hectic because most of the local cab services charge you large amounts. Last month, I travelled with Jet Airways from Ahmadabad to Mumbai, and after arriving at the Mumbai airport, I faced serious difficulty to locate a cab. Next time I will book airport transfer cab via  Cleartrip as suggested by a colleague. The Jet Airways Flight was comfortable.
user-rating: 4
author: "Genesis Mathew"
Star rating: 4
19
