I planned my Goa trip last-minute and got my tickets for Indigo flights from Ahmedabad to Goa, just a day before the journey via Cleartrip. For a last minute booking, I got a pretty fair price. I added an extra meal, for it was not included. Flight was on time, got nice seats . Pretty overwhelmed with the experience, nice flight, good crew, happy indeed.
user-rating: 4.5
author: "Madhav Shastri"
I was pretty excited to experience my first Spice Max seat booking. It assured extra leg room, which was enough, since being tall it is uncomfortable to manage in ordinary seats. Seats were comfortable and food was also okay, though not too good. Satisfied for the money I paid!
user-rating: 3.9
author: "Vishnu Jethli"
My Ahmedabad to Goa flight was late. However, I liked the responsive service of SpiceJet, for I was informed about the delay beforehand. Otherwise flight was good. Happy to get those spacious Spice max seats!
user-rating: 2.9
author: "Gita Agarwal"
Ahmedabad to Goa flight was on time. We availed the web check in and got preferable mid position seats. Pre ordered meal while booking at Cleartrip. Meal was served timely. Good Service.
user-rating: 4.5
author: "Praveen Nanda"
I booked an Indigo flight, well it was fine, a satisfactory budget flight. But Ahmedabad airport wasn’t impressive at all. While the waiting lounge was spacious it wasn’t tidy. There were flies and the washrooms were unclean. If you ask about the flight booking experience with Cleartrip, it was smooth.  On-board Indigo flight, the experience was fine. Cabin crew were smartly dressed and courteous.
user-rating: 3.5
author: "Sandy D Costa"
I was stranded 2 hours at the Ahemdabad airport as the flight got delayed due to some problem in the aircraft. The SpiceJet informed of the delay through a message but I was already on the way for airport. Ahemadabad airport i.e. Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel International Airport . The airport is not good in terms of cleanliness especially the wash rooms. Airport management is just average. Faced no complications with boarding pass line, but the bag screening line was a long and tiring one indeed.  On-board experience was above average. Food was fine but not excellent.
user-rating: 3.5
author: "Madhulima T"
Star rating: 2.5
15
