Unnecessary harassment was what I and my family had to face in Hartsfield Jackson airport. It’s a pretty big airport and what seems like abundant staff strength in spite of which we had to stand in a queue for quite some time for passport check and other formalities.  As for my experience with Delta airlines, it was pretty good.
user-rating: 4
author: "Hans"
OK experience with Delta airlines; moreover, there was hardly any in-flight entertainment facilities.  Leg room was one my concerns since I am quite tall, but there was enough room so I was comfortable. Other aspects were also fine like food and overall service. Atlanta to Miami Flight booking with Cleartrip app was impressive.
user-rating: 3.5
author: "Mandella Jones"
I had a horrible experience with Delta Airlines when I had a scheduled flight to Miami at 6.45 am which was first delayed and rescheduled to 7.15am, and later to 10.05 am. Even though service and staff was okay, but what’s the fun when I missed my connecting flight from Miami as well. 
user-rating: 2
author: "Kate F"
Great experience with Cleartrip flight booking! I availed instant cash back with the coupon code as well. Good for budget travelers. Delta Airlines offers cheap flight tickets and their service is also decent.
user-rating: 4
author: "Andy Graham"
My Delta flight from Atlanta to Miami was quite comfortable, but I had early flight of 5.40 am. So once I reached Miami I had a waiting of 6 hours before my next flight to Santiego Chile.  So I tried Miami AA Flagship Lounge for lunch and relaxing before boarding. High end facilities, modern amenities for passenger comfort. I even took a relaxing shower. Food quality at airport lounge was good. 
user-rating: 4
author: "Nichole Richards"
I am a regular flier on Atlanta to Miami Flights and want to state that the new Delta planes on this route are good even though entertainment options are limited. The seats were comfortable and reclining and leg room was sufficient. Staff is friendly and service is also cool.
user-rating: 4
author: "Sarah P"
Star rating: 4
17
