I did no hassle booking with Cleartrip! I opted to fly with my regular airline Spice Jet so booked my Bangalore to Kolkata tickets with them. I was completely comfortable during the flight. Their check-in and baggage clearance went smoothly. The carrier was clean with a fresh smell and the in cabin crew was warm and friendly.
user-rating: 4
author: "Ravi Dayal Sharma"
Taking Airasia India was a bad decision. Right from the baggage drop line to reaching the carrier, the process was sloppy. The line for the baggage drop was not very long but the processing system got stuck and we had to wait for 25 minutes to finally breathe a sigh of relief. The good part of the journey was booking tickets at Cleartrip and waiting at the airport lobby as the airport was clean and had good internet connectivity.
user-rating: 3
author: "Swati Gupta/Abhinav Gupta"
We were travelling in the business class with Indigo Airlines from Bangalore to Kolkata. We were pretty excited as we were enjoying this privilege due to some promotional offer. And it was a splendid experience. Right from the legroom, food and beverage offered, to the hygiene of the washrooms and the comfort of the seats, everything was impeccable. We would love to travel with Indigo again. 
user-rating: 5
author: "Radha Agarwal"
We were going to our daughter’s house in Kolkata and were very nervous to fly. But the staff on Jet Airways took very good care of us. They did not make us wait at any desk. My wife was feeling claustrophobic and edgy but the air hostess kept sitting beside her, holding her hand all through the flight. Booking my son did on Cleartrip and was good. 
user-rating: 2.5
author: "Ravi Shankar/ Rama Shankar"
Spice Jet from Bangalore to Kolkata was amazing. Clean carrier, fresh interior and food and beverage offered were completely satisfactory. Their smooth landing and take-off topped by their genial in cabin crew made us comfortable and when we got off the plane we were as fresh as we never boarded the plane. Thanks Spice Jet  and Cleartrip for a wonderful experience.
user-rating: 4.5
author: "Simran Baluja"
On the Bangalore to Kolkata flight I had a bad time on Air India. The seat I was given was very uncomfortable as I could not adjust its back support. I refused to sit on my seat and requested the cabin crew to shift me elsewhere. They denied the request saying no seats were available. Highly unprofessional behaviour on their part.
user-rating: 2
author: "Vivaan Talreja"
Star rating: 2.5
14
