Last month, I booked an Indigo-6E681 flight through Cleartrip. It was not a very good experience. Booking the ticket was not any problem. The issue started after I boarded the flight. My seat was not so comfortable so I requested if my seat could be changed. It was only after repeated requests they did the needful. And later when I called the hostess for some snacks, I could see irritation on her face.  The crew needs lessons on hospitality.
user-rating: 1.5
author: "Nishar Ali Mondal"
Last week, I travelled by Go Air and I had done my booking through Cleartrip. It was a nice experience and especially the pre-mix coffee served by Go-Air was really good. But they need to be more efficient in checking luggage. But I was happy for one thing cheap Bangalore to Pune flight booking. Cleartrip app help one to book on the go.
user-rating: 4
author: "Rahul J"
Recently I travelled by Air Asia flight to reach Pune from Bangalore. I used Cleartrip mobile app for booking the tickets as I knew they offer instant cash back on booking. My experience on flight was also good. But the security check-in at Bangalore airport was really slow, and they were very unprofessional. 
user-rating: 3.5
author: "Sambhu Pandit"
I travel by Jet Airways Bangalore to Pune flights very frequently since Pune is my hometown and I work in Bangalore. I always book my tickets through Cleartrip. This is because I trust them as I never faced any issues. Also, the cabin crew and ground staff of Jet Airways were very polite and professional. 
user-rating: 5
author: "Piyush Banerjee"
Last week, I have booked a round trip Bangalore to Pune flights through Cleartrip. After booking, I got the instant confirmation from both Jet Airways and Indigo through mail. Even, I got these refundable air tickets at cheapest rate, and cash-back from Cleartrip was added advantage for me. Food on Jet Airways was better than IndiGo. Good flight booking service Cleartrip! 
user-rating: 5
author: "Tapas Mazumder"
Star rating: 3.5
14
