Last month, I booked S24381-JetLite flight from Bangalore to Mumbai through Cleartrip. Most Bangalore to Mumbai flights usually take 1 hour 35 minutes to reach the destination, but last time it landed 10 minutes earlier. Thanks to JetLite and Cleartrip for exciting flight deals.
user-rating: 5
author: "Suneet Singh"
I had booked two Bangalore to Mumbai flight tickets with Go Air through Cleartrip and those were refundable tickets. Due to some unavoidable circumstances, I cancelled my flight tickets, and they refunded the amount to my account within three working days. The customer support team was very fast and supportive. GoAir & Cleartrip, you rock.
user-rating: 4.5
author: "Varunish Suri"
I booked an Air India flight (AI603-Air India) through Cleartrip. It was good and convenient but they did not offer any meals, and their baggage clearance staff was unprofessional. After requesting several times, I was served juice by the cabin crew and it was not even cold. However, booking through Cleartrip was  a very nice experience and they also gave me instant cash-back on booking.
user-rating: 3
author: "Mamata Banerjee"
Last month, I travelled from Bangalore to Mumbai on Jet Airways flight.  The best part was that I had booked two weeks prior to travel date and the deal I got was unbelievable. Cleartrip you are the best! Faced no issues in Jet Airways flight. Everything was nice though not picture perfect, crew was average.
user-rating: 4
author: "Sumit Chakraborty"
I always prefer Jet Airways for travelling. Last month, I booked their 9W411 - Jet Airways flight to travel from Bangalore to Mumbai. I prefer morning; flight as it gives me ample time for work. I have travelled with Jet many times and find it to be good on the whole. A few things here and there are negligible, but if they take care of those also, like adding more variety in snacks on-board and lowering their prices, they will be 10/10. I always book their flights through Cleartrip app on my mobile because it is convenient and fast.
user-rating: 4
author: "Anshul Sharma"
Star rating: 4
19
