Last month, I booked a flight with Air India through Cleartrip to travel from Bangalore to Hyderabad. The crew was also so supportive and attentive and it was just a one-hour long flight that departed and arrived on time. After landing, we took a cab to hotel. It was a family vacation and we had the great traveling experience on flight. Both Bangalore and Hyderabad airports are nice in terms of infrastructure and cleanliness.
user-rating: 4
author: "Shekhar Mehta"
Last week, I booked a SpiceJet flight from Bangalore to Hyderabad online with Cleartrip. However it was overall a nice experience, but SpiceJet usually does not offer any meals on short-distance flights. Thanks to Cleartrip for helping me find cheap Bangalore to Hyderabad flight. 
user-rating: 4
author: "Arup Ghoshal"
I travelled on Indigo’s Bangalore to Hyderabad flight and had a pathetic experience. Regarding, Cleartrip bookings, they sent me the instant confirmation through mail and SMS. But the staff of airline was very unprofessional and flight toilet was also very unhygienic. Also, they do not offer complementary snacks and charge high for them.
user-rating: 3
author: "Saswata Chakraborty"
A couple of weeks ago, I booked six economy class tickets in Air Asia India flight, and it was a good experience for me. This was one of the cheapest Bangalore to Hyderabad flights available on Cleartrip, and Air Asia has very affordable on-board food menu. Thanks to Cleartrip and Air Asia India. 
user-rating: 5
author: "K. Shetty"
It was my son’s first air travel and I was so excited about it. I booked on Indigo to travel from Bangalore to Hyderabad. My son was all excited and the cabin crew could sense that it’s his first time. They gave him candies and he was all the more happy. Overall, it was a nice experience, and I faced only little difficulty to manage my baggage at the airline counter. However, thanks to Cleartrip for providing such economy flights to passengers willing to travel on budget.
user-rating: 4
author: "Preetam Mukherjee"
Star rating: 4.5
16
