Flying by Virgin Australia was a wise decision as my experience was awesome. I was quite happy with the leg room space, which is unlike of many other airlines was very comfortable for long flights. Even on board crew service was credible, fast and efficient. I would definitely fly with them again. 
user-rating: 4
author: "Bob K"
I had to visit Sydney for just a day, so I reached the Brisbane airport in my car. I received absolutely stunning service of valet parking. Only paid $12 a day, and my car was safe and under CCTV surveillance all the time. I also booked a car wash at an affordable price. The next day I got a spotless car. Loved Brisbane Airport services! I took Jetstar flight that was decent. For flight booking, I always trust Cleartrip.
user-rating: 4.5
author: "Manderine Adley"
Thumbs up for the Virgin Entertainment app. Luckily, I downloaded it on my mobile and enjoyed my favorite Tom Hank movies. Again, must say a good collection of movies, TV shows and music. Also, I upgraded to business class and enjoyed luxury travel experience. Booked my flight through Cleartrip, thanks a ton!
user-rating: 4
author: "Dianne Cason"
Happy to collect some delightful evening sips for me from duty free shops at Brisbane Airport. I got a Chivas Regal and another famous one. Loved it! Arrived early at the Brisbane airport to check out the BNE beats live music, for it was a Friday, scheduled day for the music event. Virgin Australia flight was good, the crew members greeted passengers with warmth and were cordial. Food was very good I must say. 
user-rating: 4.5
author: "Stephan Ross "
It would have been better if Virgin Australia provided complementary meal in their ticket. However, meals served on board are quite delicious. Overall a nice flight experience, clean aircraft and smiling and patient crew.
user-rating: 3.5
author: "Christine& Sandra"
Qantas Airways flight was on time, no delays or check in issues. However, the crew could have been more polite and friendly. The seats were comfy and seemed new. I did not get bored as entertainment facilities worked fine. Food was outstanding and service was good.
user-rating: 5
author: "Brinda S"
Star rating: 4.5
17
