We had come to India for the first time and we were staying in Mumbai. Wanting to visit Jaipur, we booked our flight on Indigo Airlines via Cleartrip. Their booking features were simple and in no time, we received all information we needed. Our experience with Indigo was also pretty amazing. They helped us all through our journey and the food was scrumptious. Loved flying with this airlines.
user-rating: 5
author: "Lizzy Pinto and Jeff Robinson"
Air India Airlines came as a surprise package. We were pretty amazed with the comfort in the plane. There was good leg space and the food offered on the menu was very tasty. Clean toilets, well mannered cabin crew. Nothing amiss the flight. Certainly worth the price. I would give them a 5/5.
user-rating: 5
author: "Aditya Vaid"
Booking through Cleartrip made the tedious task of booking flight seem pretty easy. Within minutes we were done. However, Mumbai to Jaipur via GoAir was not a great experience. Toilets were not that clean. Food was ok, and cabin crew was also good. We were edgy and irritated all through the flight due to unclean toilets. 
user-rating: 3
author: "Ram Sonthalia"
What do we say? Well, our experience was great. No hassles. Right from the check in desk to check out we did not experience any hitch or issues while on board with Jet Airways. Flying with them was experiential.  A 5/5 for them. Great service offered for minimal price. Certainly recommendable to all.
user-rating: 5
author: "Prof. Vivek Mishra"
We shall always be thankful to the staff at GoAir for being such a great help. My mother fell down at the airport itself while climbing up the stairs. We had to cancel our tickets. They were extremely cordial. We had already checked in our baggage. They managed to hand it back to us, rescheduled our flight for a later date. We were mighty impressed with their humane approach.
user-rating: 5
author: "Dr. Vineeta Bhargava/ Dr. Dipesh Bhargava"
Mumbai to Jaipur was only a two hour + Flight but for me it almost seemed like a long span of time. By the time I got off the plane I was in a foul temper. The staff on the Indigo Airlines was extremely arrogant. They seemed was busy attending each other rather than the passengers. Only after repeated requests, one of them budged in. Bad experience. Talking about the air tickets booking on Cleartrip, it was good. Not to mention, both Mumbai airport facilities are better than Jaipur’s.
user-rating: 3
author: "Ankit Agarwal"
Star rating: 4.5
21
