I liked the security at Mumbai airport which was quite strict. I had friends who came to see off, but they weren’t allowed inside. Only valid ticket holders, passport and visa holders are allowed inside. Frankly speaking, I didn’t mind, security should not be compromised. Good service not only it reaffirms security but even avoid unwanted crowd inside the airport.  Also, Indigo staff at the airport was quite efficient in baggage check-in. The crew in the Mumbai to Nagpur flight was also professional.
user-rating: 4
author: "Pavneet Singh"
Well thumbs up for Mumbai airport for their service. I was travelling with my mother who had a recent surgery. The airport staff immediately arranged for a wheelchair on arrival as I asked for one. The staff was extremely friendly assisted through the check in process and made it seamlessly swift for us. Did not face any trouble booking with Cleartrip. Travel experience was also good with Jet Airways.
user-rating: 4
author: "Rajdeep Kullati"
I travelled from Mumbai to Nagpur with Jet Airways. No complaints about the services and food on board, I was served complimentary breakfast in Business Class, but crew seemed to be unenthusiastic and slow serving.
user-rating: 3.5
author: "Sammant K"
I prefer comfort as well as budget, and IndiGo Mumbai to Nagpur flight offered both. Delighted with the service and courteous management of the crew! However, Mumbai already being a crowded airport, check in counter lines were long. Even lines at baggage screening were tediously long. The procedure before boarding took a long time. In flight service and food was up to the mark. Menu should have more variety.  
user-rating: 4
author: "S. Jaiswal"
I believe Air India is the only domestic airline that still offers you complimentary food in economy class. The complimentary food was good though service was not so good. Also, the flight reached 10 minutes late, but that can be ignored.
user-rating: 3
author: "Mandira Kaur"
Overall Mumbai to Nagpur flight experience with AI was good, seamless like the booking with Cleartrip. But owing to some technical difficulties baggage clearing was delayed a bit. Mumbai airport has all the facilities like wi-fi, neat washrooms, shopping stores, wheelchair facilities, etc. 
user-rating: 4
author: "Swati Chanda"
Star rating: 3.5
15
