I suppose for Mumbai airport one has to be prepared for a rush round the clock. Last week, I got my last minute flight booking quite conveniently through Cleartrip, but unfortunately I was a bit late I had to catch the morning SpiceJet flight to Varanasi. However, I was amazed by the prudence and skilled dexterity of the ground staff at airports, for in spite of long queue I was at the baggage check-in counter within 10 mins. 
user-ratings: 3.5
author: "Nishit Kothari"
I need to fly to Varanasi from Mumbai a few times every month. I have never experienced any issues with my tickets from Cleartrip or until the last time, with SpiceJet when at Varanasi, my bag was exchanged with another traveler. Immediately SpiceJet ground staff showed absolute adroitness and did the needful to help me get my bag. The food on the Mumbai to Varanasi flight was expensive but good.
user-ratings: 3
author: "Sulekha:"
I was travelling with my 2 year old kid from Mumbai to Varanasi by Jet Airways. It was a 2hrs 20mins journey, and my son suddenly started feeling airsick in the middle of the journey. He felt nausea and was vomiting, however, the cabin crew assisted with the air sickness bag and candies. Thanks for the assistance Jet Airways cabin crew.  The seats were comfortable but the passageway should have been more spacious.
user-rating: 4
author: "Raghu M Kumar"
Thanks to Cleartrip for their excellent refund policy management!  My laptop went off in the mid of the payment transaction as I was booking my ticket Mumbai to Varanasi last month. I didn’t receive any booking confirmation so I booked it again and later found two payments debited. I had a damn stressful time, but the customer support team reassured refund within a week and on the 5th day, thankfully I got my refund swiftly. The flight service of IndiGo Airlines was average. Not happy with snack variety and moreover, they are quite expensive.
user-rating: 3.5
author: "Varun Sharma"
I bought my Mumbai to Varanasi Spice Jet tickets with Cleartrip. On the date of journey, the flight was delayed by 20 minutes. While we had to wait for a while at the Chatrapati airport Mumbai. It quite well-maintained, I must mention.  But I was pretty dissatisfied with the attitude and body language of the flight attendants. They were not at all courteous.
user-rating: 2.5
author: "Smriti"
I had been travelling a lot by flights for the last 1 and a half years with my team for the cultural shows I conduct. Since I need to travel with my troop quite often, I found Cleartrip the most reasonable booking portal, with best prices, cheapest deals. I have recently booked for Mumbai to Varanasi flight with SpiceJet at the cheapest price tag. The flight was on time and no problem was there.
user-rating: 4
author: "M. Bharadwaj"
Star rating: 3
16
