I had to wait for 3 hrs for my Mumbai to Chandigarh flight that was delayed due to bad weather. So I waited at the Mumbai Airport Lounge, which was quite good, neat, nicely decorated. The restaurant buffet was also delicious. My family was happy with the food, though we preferred vegetarian. My wife enjoyed the spa services as well. Since, I was not on a business trip this flight delay did not irritated much as we had a good time at the airport. Otherwise, it is not good on the part of the airlines. I noticed other passengers in anger. For the flight experience, it was decent.
user-rating: 3.5
author: "Nazeem"
I checked out from my hotel early. I had booked a Go Air Mumbai to Chandigarh flight through Cleartrip which was in late afternoon, so I had nearly 4 hours to spend. I chose to enjoy GVK Mumbai lounge spa. Wi Fi speed  at the airport was pretty good. I also checked out the shops. The flight was punctual and snacks were good, though one had to pay for them.
user-rating: 4
author: "Mridul Debnath"
Commendably good carrier Jet Airways. Their service is high end compared to other domestic airlines. Cabin crew was courteous and polite, smiled and greeted with warmth. Flight was on time. The check-in was done timely, even though the queue was long, it was moving quickly. Though seats can be a bit more comfortable with better reclining facility. But still, it was decent. Chandigarh Airport is nice and new.
user-rating: 4
author: "Vasunathaan"
I was travelling with my daughter who had had a recent accident, and had her leg was injured. As I reached the Mumbai airport I asked for wheelchair. Though the ground staff was proactive in getting one, but the chair didn’t work, some technical problem. I had to wait 15mins for a wheelchair.  Better management expected from such an important domestic as well as international gateway of the country. As far as booking a flight was concerned my husband prefers Cleartrip always. Indigo flight could have been more neat, especially the toilets.
user-rating: 3
author: "Karan Jethli"
While my journey from Mumbai to Chandigarh with Air India, my in-service entertainment TV did not work. I complained and asked for assistance, the air hostesses assured to reboot it and fix it. But no use as the crew had no knowledge about fixing it. OK flight altogether.
user-rating: 3
author: "Namrata Kothari"
Found the staff of Air India Mumbai to Chandigarh flight very co-operative. I was late due to traffic jam, while everyone else had already completed their formalities. The staff understood my plight and helped me to get through the check in process faster.   The flight service was good.
user-rating: 4
author: "Amir"
Star rating: 3
15
