I chose Jet Airways to travel from Mumbai to Bangalore because its price was cheap over some other airlines. Though the overall experience was good and comfortable, their baggage clearance services at Mumbai airport needs to be more efficient and the staff needs to be more professional. However, thanks to Cleartrip I paid a reasonable airfare and online booking procedure was easy. 
user-rating: 3.5
author: "Ameer Khan"
Only after a comparative analysis of Mumbai to Bangalore flights I booked a flight with Jet Airways. The transit was easy and seamless.  Also, snacks on the flight were fine for a short distance flight. The sandwich was fresh and coffee was quite hot. Overall, I had a very good experience with this flight and thanks to Cleartrip for providing me instant booking facility. 
user-rating: 5
author: "Deep Chakraborty"
Today, it is really easy to book flights from Cleartrip. I did not have any idea on how to book a plan ticket online until my son installed the Cleartrip app. I booked a Spice Jet flight from Mumbai to Bangalore through Cleartrip app myself with the assistance of my son, of course. Next time I will book my ticket myself. It was a nice experience, and I got the instant booking confirmation from Cleartrip. They have also added few cash-back points to my wallets. Thanks a lot! 
user-rating: 4
author: "Santosh Ghosh"
I am a diabetic patient and few days ago, I travelled by Jet Airways from Mumbai to Bangalore. Suddenly I felt my sugar has become low and wanted a juice immediately, but they took at least 5-10 minutes to get juice. The service, seats and everything else was good but could be better. Thanks to Cleartrip for providing me easy booking facility. 
user-rating: 2.5
author: "Pawan Agarwal"
It was AI603-Air India Mumbai to Bangalore flight, which I booked through Cleartrip. I never found such cheap flights offered by Air India and it was only possible by Cleartrip. The flight was nice, and they also had trained cabin crew and baggage clearance for all the passengers. Overall, it was a thumbs up experience.
user-rating: 5
author: "Dhanpat Singh"
Star rating: 3.5
20
