I live in Kolkata, but I need to visit Mumbai every month for my business. I always book Kolkata to Mumbai flights through Cleartrip because it is reliable, convenient and cost effective. For my travel I always book an Indigo flight a couple of weeks in advance to benefit from the best offers. I would suggest you guys to book your tickets through Cleartrip and weeks before departure.
user-rating: 4
author: "Vijay S Suri"
Last week, I missed my morning flight from Kolkata airport and then I made another booking with Cleartrip mobile app from the airport only. Unexpectedly I got a decent ticket price for last minute flight booking as well. The flight from Kolkata departed on time and reached on time as well. I usually fly in business class but this time I had no choice but to travel in economy class. It was not at all a bad experience as the seats were comfortable.
user-rating: 5
author: "Partha Sikdar"
Hey guys always trust Cleartrip to find out the cheapest airline deals because as a frequent traveler, I always book my tickets from Cleartrip and so far I did not face any problem. Once the ticket booking conformation message did not come and I got it sorted through Customer Support. Their deals are worth it and they even give reward points on every booking. Last time, I had booked a flight from Kolkata to Mumbai with Air India from Cleartrip and it was a nice journey. 
user-rating: 5
author: "Parijat Banerjee"
I booked an Air India-AI676 flight to reach Mumbai from Kolkata and it was a fabulous journey. It was a family trip and I have booked five tickets from Kolkata to Mumbai through Cleartrip. Air India flights are nice, but they need to improve a bit in terms of service and food. 
user-rating: 3
author: "Ramachandan"
I was in search for cheapest Kolkata to Mumbai flights and I found the lowest rates at Cleartrip. I booked my tickets from their mobile app with Indigo airlines. The flight was nice, but their toilet was not so clean. The crew was friendly and professional though. Thanks Cleartrip for low airfare!
user-rating: 4
author: "Jayanta Das"
Star rating: 4.5
17
