On my flight from Kolkata to Bangalore via Spice Jet I was pleasantly surprised with the time promptness and systematic functional procedures carried out by the flight attendants right from check-in to the time I got off the plane.  Though, I had been sceptical to travel on Spice Jet but their lowest price offer on Cleartrip lured me, and I am happy I took it up
user-rating: 4.5 
author: "Rahul Mehtani"
I had to rush to Bangalore due to a personal emergency and while looking up the sites, I happened to check Cleartrip. I must say, these guys are amazing. They booked the cheapest flight available on Air Asia. This flight carrier was new for me, thus was noticing each detail minutely. Except for a little sloppy cabin crew in comparison to other airlines, overall it was a good experience. 
user-rating: 4
author: "Dr. Anil Yuhana"
‘GoAir is one of the most economical airlines with exemplary services’ is what I had heard. But I was a bit disappointed when I flew with them from Kolkata to Bangalore. My mother was on the wheelchair so came out late to the luggage belt. When we got there, we could not find our suitcase. It got misplaced and even though the Staff at airlines was cooperative and helped us find it was a not so good experience. With Cleartrip booking, I had no issues, as such.
user-rating: 3.5
author: "Shipra Parwani"  
We had booked a student ticket on Indigo Airlines for my daughter. She had to carry more than 15kgs compulsorily as she had her engineering books. The ticket was booked on CT without any problem but we had to pay for the extra luggage. Her experience at the airport was also fine.
user-rating: 3.5
author: "Reeti Garg"
I have usually travelled from Kolkata to Bangalore by Jet Airways and my experience has always been nice. They have very helpful, cordial and efficient check-in counter staff and cabin crew too.  Besides being extremely polite they are also efficient.  We have never had any problem on this route. Would rate them as one of the best airlines and highly recommend it to others as well.  
user-rating: 5
author: "Manas Jain"
Indigo Airlines was displayed as the cheapest airlines for Kolkata to Bangalore route on Cleartrip for our schedule day of travelling. We booked the tickets via them and it hardly took 5 minutes. The website is quite user-friendly. Our journey was invigouser-rating: on Indigo. I remember this particular air hostess who went out of her way to help the passengers, patiently answering their queries and calmly handling their anxiety bouts. Indigo sure has good staff! 
user-rating: 5
author: "Swati Bhagtani"
Star rating: 4
15
