We had a decent experience at Jaipur airport. Pretty small airport, and we hardly had a hitch in getting through the scanning and security which took barely 20 minutes, a seamless process.  In the Air India Jaipur to Mumbai flight, seat and cabin space had no issues as such. Food quality could be better. The burger bun was not so fresh. The air hostesses were friendly and prompt.
user-rating: 3
author: "Parash Kumar"
I am thankful to the Indigo staff as well as Jaipur airport ground staff who offered me help and assistance in finding my wallet (with 4,200 bucks and cards), which I accidentally dropped in one of the trolleys, before check in. However, on reporting the airport authorities and Indigo staffs, they immediately took the initiative and luckily I found it. I am thankful. Regarding the Jaipur to Mumbai flight experience, it was okay in fact, good. 
user-rating:  4.5
author: "Kundan Mishra"
I booked 2 GoAir tickets for Jaipur to Mumbai flight on Cleartrip. The price was reasonable price and we enjoyed good service. The flight was on- time, the crew as usual welcomed everyone with a warm smile. Snacks could have been priced lower. But otherwise happy to choose GoAir!
user-rating: 3/
author: "Indira Mathur"
My Jaipur to Mumbai flight booking was done in minutes using the Cleartrip site.  The website is quite easy to use for someone like me who is not computer savvy. Both Jaipur and Mumbai Airports were clean and seating arrangement was fine. However, on the Jaipur airport, food is not that good. Mumbai airport has many shops and terminal signage is proper. Regarding the jet Airways flight, everything from service to food quality and washrooms was nearly perfect.
user-rating: 5
author: "Anand Shivadas"
Enjoyed travelling by Indigo on Jaipur to Mumbai route. Found an interesting initiative from Indigo while I was reading through their in flight magazine. The magazine had few stories about the employees along with essential info on, flight essentials, turbulence, go-around, etc. Nice way to keep passengers interested and occupied. Food and service both were okay.
user-rating:  4
author: "Subhash Bannerjee"
I booked my flight from Jaipur to Mumbai with Cleartrip, and as usual faced no hassle. But the Indigo flight was late by 30 mins, and the authorities had no concrete reason for the delay. It was irritating, however, they compensated by offering good service and fresh food, so everyone was happy!
user-rating:  3.5
author: "Girish Pandey"
Star rating: 3.5
16
