We booked our London to New York flight via Cleartrip on KLM. We were skeptical when we boarded the flight but witnessing their smooth processes and then their inner ambience and cleanliness made us completely free of our anxious doubts. Their friendly staff was an added advantage. In fact the food served was better than my expectations, especially the salad and drinks.
user-rating: 5
author: "Samuel K Dunstan"
I was nervous because my parents were travelling alone at an old age alone. I had booked a flight for them with Virgin Atlantic on Cleartrip. Faced no problem and they displayed the comprehensive list of  flights on London to New York route. My mother took a wheelchair at the airport and the airport and ground staff were hospitable and assisted them nicely till the aircraft. They also ensured that my parents were well seated and comfortable. Thank you Virgin Atlantic!
user-rating: 5
author: "Vincent Goblin"
Delta was not a good choice. While flying from London to New York with them, I did not have any outstanding experience. The flight was delayed and after it took off, they took a lot of time to serve food and drinks. The crew was quite slow and not so efficient. 
user-rating: 3
author: "Christina Devin" 
London to New York on KLM was good but not great. The staff was well-behaved but when I complained about the seat belts and not so hot tea later, I could see the unpleasant look on their faces. Otherwise food was good and washrooms were spic n span. Even the experience at both London and NY airport was good. Thankfully the flight departed and arrived on time and booking flight tickets on Cleartrip was as easy as 123.
user-rating: 3.5
author: "Timothy Stuart"
British Airways has always been our favourite Airlines. We booked a flight on the Airlines for New York through Cleartrip app installed on my mobile. Nothing to complain about. Outstanding experience as always with ever so smiling staff, spacious seats and yummy food. Recommendable to all. 
user-rating: 4.5
author: "Lamuel Johnson"
Aer Lingus Airlines was taken by us because of some last minute changes in our schedule. We were mighty surprised at how efficient and smooth their functionality was. Our baggage drop in did get hitched for a while there but they effectively resolved the issue. We were impressed with their cordiality and hospitable cabin crew. The comfort level in the carrier can easily be given 5/5. A wonderful experience flying with them to New York. 
user-rating: 5
author: "Justin and Jenna Donovan" 
Star rating: 4.5
27
