I have booked Air France-1381 to reach Paris from London. Booking London to Paris flights through Cleartrip was my first booking experience with them and I was glad I tried them. Their app is convenient and fast; and they have amazing cheap flight deals. Nevertheless, Air France airline was pricy, yet they did not offer any snack complimentary. However, the flight was on time and their cabin crew was trained enough to deal with all types of problems. 
user-rating: 3.5
author: "Rene Descartes"
Last week, I travelled by Kenya Airways. My friend booked it for me on Cleartrip and helped me grab a cheap London to Paris flight and I was quite excited about it. The flight was good in all respects. I enjoyed a comfortable journey. Everything went well. Thanks Cleartrip & Kenya Airways! 
user-rating: 5
author: "Immanuel Kant"
As a frequent traveller, I always go for Cleartrip for booking my flight tickets. Last week, I booked London to Paris flight by Delta airways and it was a smooth experience as expected. The ground staff was also professional and supportive. The flight was on time, different varieties of foods and beverages were available on extra payment. 
user-rating: 5
author: "Julian R"
Last week, I was travelling from London to Paris by Jet Airways and when I reached the security check, they took so long to scan my baggage. They unnecessarily created a fuss over some of my belongings like laptop and perfume bottle, and it made me furious. I had to then speak to a senior official to resolve the matter. I did not face any trouble in the flight. The crew was prompt and friendly. The food could be more fresh but was fine.
user-rating: 4
author: "Ricky M"
Flying on Jet Airways- 4926, London to Paris flight was a nice experience. This is one of the cheapest London to Paris flights and I booked them without any worries their cabin crew was very professional. Only they need to improve their baggage clearance counter and security check at London airport because it took a lot of unnecessary time. In-flight service was all fine. Cleanliness, food, no problem. 
user-rating: 4
author: "Staves R"
Star rating: 4
19
