Last month, I booked Easy-Jet flight to reach Amsterdam from London. I did flight booking through Cleartrip Mobile App and it was an easy process to do. After booking, I got message regarding confirmation along with the flights details from Cleartrip. The air fare was quite low as compared to other sites. Overall the travelling experience on flight was good and this was one of the cheapest London to Amsterdam flights. 
user-rating: 5
author: "Mac Jones"
My travel experience with Vueling Airlines was good but not too good. I always prefer Cleartrip for booking flight tickets, and as a frequent traveler I can easily find cheapest London to Amsterdam flights on Cleartrip. I travelled by Vueling Airlines last week and did not like their conduct at all. I asked for coffee without sugar and the hostess served coffee with sugar and argued that I never specified. She was quite unprofessional. 
user-rating: 4
author: "Staves Mathew"
British Airways is one of the best airlines that fly London to Amsterdam flights. I always prefer evening flights and last time, I booked a morning flight through Cleartrip and even that was convenient. The food provided on flight was tasty and hygienic. The aircraft was nicely cleaned and staff was courteous. I liked their merchandise but was priced high.
user-rating: 4.5
author: "Ricky Jacson"
Recently, I travelled by KLM Royal Dutch London to Amsterdam flight. It had one of the costliest London to Amsterdam flights, and since I made my booking through Cleartrip, I managed to get some discount. The airline provided decent service but can certainly have better service. The tea I ordered was not even hot Fine but not exceeding expectations. 
user-rating: 4
author: "Luis Johnson"
I have booked a flight with Air France from London to Amsterdam through Cleartrip and that was a one stop flight. My overall experience was nice. I was offered some vegan meals, and their baggage clearance counter at London airport was very efficient. Toilet was clean with paper towels and everything.  For cheap flight tickets, all thanks to Cleartrip travel site!
user-rating: 5
author: "John Phillips"
Star rating: 4.5
18
