I had to rush to Edinburgh on a business meeting urgently.  While going to my office, I completed all formalities on Cleartrip and booked my ticket on British Airways. The experience. The baggage drop in line did not seem to move for a good long time and inside the carrier, I did not get that positive feeling that I expected from this well-know airline. The service and staff were ok.
user-rating: 3
author: "Leigh Moss"
Good experience with Easy Jet on our flight from London to Edinburgh. Beverages offered throughout the flight were plenty though the food could be a little spicier. Seats were cosy and spacious.  Easy Jet offers great value for money.  5/5, without doubt!
user-rating: 5
author: "Chris Doyle"
I was totally satisfied flying with Flybe from London to Edinburgh. Not just that booking on CT was also easy and satisfactory with complete schedule right in front of you. On-board, we were promptly assisted by flight attendant who took care of varying passenger needs. Hassle free journey and highly recommendable to all. 
user-rating: 4
author: "Evelyn Lawrence" 
Flying with the Ryaniar Airlines from London to Edinburgh proved to be a sordid experience for us. We had already informed them that we would be having a patient with us and we would require their cooperation to promptly get our mother settled in the carrier. When we reached the airport, we were shocked to learn that our request had not been processed because of some internal fault. Had a really tough time and though they did try to make it up to us, we were pretty irritated at this slack attitude. 
user-rating: 5
author: "James Wood"
American Airlines from London to Edinburgh was amazing. Comfortable and large seats, warm and friendly attendants both on land and in the flight, good food and beverages offered though mighty expensive, clean carrier were all aspects that contributed to our great travelling experience. Easily one of the best airlines on this route. 
user-rating: 4.5
author: "Carmen Lula"
I had taken a flight to Edinburgh from London on British Airways. The service was pleasant and the staff was extremely cordial. They were formal and had smiling faces. The carrier was clean and proper with extremely comfortable seats. The best airline to travel both for long or short hauls, I would say. 
user-rating: 5
author: "Demi Lee"
Star rating: 3
26
