We had to reach to Madurai before 8 AM. While trying to find information on the net about flights and their schedule, we came across Cleartrip and found not only all the information required we also booked flight at 5: 45 AM on Jet Airways via them. We reached our destination without any hassles. Would recommend both Cleartrip and Jet Airways to all guys out there! Go for it!
user-rating: 5/5
author: "Arnav Rastogi"
My business takes me twice a month to Madurai. I only take Indigo. And never once in this span of 4 years have I experienced any lack of efficient services. Indigo is one of the best domestic flight carriers, I must say. True professionalism and genial staff is their strength. Kudos! 
user-rating: 4.5/5
author: "Mohammad Ajmal Ahmad"
I had always heard that Jet Airways offered a complete package for the price they charged. It was my first experience with them during my flight from Chennai to Madurai. I was not disappointed. Their seat belts were a bit overused though but the air hostess was helpful enough. The food offered could have been better but hospitality is worth mentioning. 
user-rating: 3.5/5
author: "Priya Joseph"
Spice jet staff should be taken to task. They are very careless and casual. On my flight from Chennai to Madurai, I kept pressing the button for the airhostess, as my father was feeling nauseated and needed water immediately but the staff was not prompt. I had to leave my father’s side and go to the crew cabin to ask for help. Humble apologies though as I behaved quite rudely thereafter, had no option. 
user-rating: 3/5
author: "Nikhilesh Yadav (BA LLB)"
I was very nervous while I flied from Chennai to Madurai for the first time. The Indigo carrier is awesome. I sure will never travel with another airline.  Their take- off and the landing was smooth and a good choice on the food menu made it an absolutely great experience.  Would love to fly with them again. And for air tickets booking, Cleartrip is my choice!
user-rating: 5/5
author: "Steven Goodwin"
As always, professional and amiable staff. Effortless check-in and baggage clearance. Food offered excellent. Clean and hygienic carrier. Sufficient legroom and very cooperative cabin crew. Loved flying with GoAir from Chennai to Madurai. A short but an experiential journey. The best part was their way of ensuring each passengers comfort by that extra gesture of going up to each one and asking if they were comfortable. 
user-rating: 5/5
author: "Ram K. Kapoor"
Star rating: 3.8
23
