Indigo Airlines is great to fly with on Chennai to Coimbatore route! I was extremely satisfied in that 1 hour+ flight. They are professionals all the way and it showed in their services. Courteous staff, hygienic toilets, nice food menu and their passenger shuttle bus was also prompt and maintained well. And yes, the smiling faces, and the helpful nature of the air hostesses spread positive energy.  Definitely good!
user-rating: 4.5
author: "Jasbeer Singh"
Air India disappointed us while we flew with them from Chennai to Coimbatore. They were genial and their cabin crew was hospitable yet the pungent smell in the washrooms was mighty uncomfortable. Also, since we had to wait at the Coimbatore airport, the wi-fi there was not good. 
user-rating: 2.5
author: "Rishi Taneja"
Even though we faced no problem with Cleartrip bookings, airline experience wasn’t great. Our legs never felt this crammed than in the one hour journey that we took with Jet Airways from Chennai to Coimbatore. Not because of leg space being less but because of a fellow passenger who insisted on keeping his hand luggage below the foot area. In spite of our repeated requests to the air hostess, she failed to do anything about it. It was very irritating. The airlines should have firmer cabin crew who can handle such situations wisely. 
user-rating: 3
author: "Jasdeep Narula" 
While looking through the available flights on Cleartrip, we came across cheap prices offered by Spice Jet from Chennai to Coimbatore, and booked our tickets with ease with them, thanks to Cleartrip. The difficult part was booking a transport bus from airport to the hotel. We were exhilarated that we found an option of the same on Cleartrip. It took us minutes to get it booked. Spice Jet was great and so was Cleartrip. Certainly, a 5/5 for my experience with both!
user-rating: 5
author: "SK Gupta"
I would abstain from recommending Spice Jet for the route Chennai to Coimbatore, to anyone. My personal experience was horrific. I had to reach Coimbatore on time to catch a train further. Spice jet was late and I missed my train, had to put up at a budget hotel. Even though the experience on-board was fine but overall it ruined my plan. 
user-rating: 3
author: "Ranveesh Khan"
The journey from Chennai to Coimbatore was too short to be affected by any issues. Yet if asked, GoAir Airlines was pretty satisfying. Subtle yet firm dispensation was there in the staff. They were extremely sincere while helping us through baggage clearance. The carrier was good, clean and hospitable cabin crew. A good experience! 
user-rating: 4.5
author: "Riya Gulati"
Star rating: 3.5
17
