I had booked a Chennai to Mumbai flight on Jet Airways and my experience was good. I had booked my flight through Cleartrip because it is easy to book and you also get different offers on your booking.  Even I had received the confirmation through mail within few seconds from Cleartrip. The rate was affordable. Thanks to Cleartrip. 
user-rating: 5
author: "Rajan Kapoor"
Recently I travelled on flight no AI671 – Air India. The airline offered good service on the flight. Apart from their baggage clearance services, the staff was nice and professional too. However, I faced some difficulty at their baggage counter at the Chennai airport, but nothing major to complain. However, the ticket booking facility provided by Cleartrip was very convenient and fast. I highly recommend travelers to book their tickets through Cleartrip. 
user-rating: 4
author: "Rajeev Singhal"
I booked four flight tickets from Chennai to Mumbai with Go Air, and it was a very nice experience for us. It was a two-hour journey and Go Air had a variety of beverages and snacks in their on-board menu. Thanks to Cleartrip for providing us such easy online booking facility. I booked 3 weeks in advance and got a really good offer. I will try booking in advance in future as well to save money. 
user-rating: 5
author: "Altaf Murtaza"
Hey guys, last week I booked Indigo Airlines from Chennai to Mumbai and it was an average experience. They did not assisted us properly to wear seat belts, in fact got irritated when I called them twice to help for fastening seat belts. Also, the headphones were not working so I asked the cabin crew to fix this but guess what they had no solution to this. They were very unprofessional and inexperienced. Anyway, booking with Cleartrip was good and I got the confirmation within few seconds from Cleartrip and also got discount on my booking. 
user-rating: 3
author: "Preeti Singh"
Air India- AI570 is one of the best Chennai to Mumbai flights. I am saying this because I travelled on this flight a few days ago and it was one of the best travel experiences I have ever had. Also,  they have one of the fastest check-in facilities. Thanks to Cleartrip for finding me such a flight and I still cannot believe that Air India flights can be availed at such cheap rates. 
user-rating: 4
author: "Rajendra Singh"
Star rating: 4.5
20
