Last week, I took Bangkok Airways morning flight from Melbourne to Sydney and did all the bookings via Cleartrip. My wife was along and we were visiting a relative.  She liked their snacks and presentation. I liked the savings on tickets thanks to Cleartrip advance booking deals. The flight was quite spacious with extra leg room and toilet hygiene was commendable. Enjoyed flying with them.
user-rating: 5
author: "Jones Mathew"
I booked four air tickets from Cleartrip and that was for Melbourne to Sydney flights. I travelled by Jet Star Airways and it was a nice experience for me. Jet Start-602 was on time. Their ground staff was quite courteous and helped me move the baggage trolley when they saw me struggling to push it. Cabin crew was also very polite. But security checking and baggage clearance counter at Melbourne airport was also moving quickly. No complaints JetStar! 
user-rating: 4
author: "Abdul Moiz"
Last month, I booked a Virgin Australia–803 flight from Melbourne to Sydney. The cabin crew was not very attentive towards the passengers needs and were busy chatting among themselves. Most passengers were complaining about toilet so dirty but they tried to ignore it. Even they did not serve any meal and beverages the way they are expected to. The airline company needs to check their staff behavior and take note of feedback from passengers.
user-rating: 3
author: "George Mathew"
Hey guys, I would recommend you to book Emirates or Etihad flight for Melbourne to Sydney route and that too through Cleartrip. I frequently travel on this route and I always book my air tickets through Cleartrip. They provide cash-back, discounts and reward points on my every booking.  As far as Etihad and Emirates are concerned, they are top-notch.
user-rating: 4.5
author: "Samual Martin"
I have booked Emirates-7643, Melbourne to Sydney flight through Cleartrip and it was very nice. They had some good food options in their menu, and their airbus was also neat and clean. Baggage clearance was also quick and announcements about scheduled flight were clear. Thanks to Cleartrip for providing huge discounts on my bookings. 
user-rating: 4.5
author: "Colin Pomeroy"
Star rating: 4
15
