I took a mid night Pune to Chennai flight with Spicejet. I did not have to experience any queue at Pune airport for my boarding pass as well. The cabin crew was quite polite and helpful. I did not have any food on board but only a cup of coffee. It was overall nice flight and reasonable flight prices.
user-rating: 4
author: "Kesav Krishna"
I was already running an hour late of schedule in reaching the airport for my flight. Spicejet Webcheck however, was pretty helpful in avoiding the long queues of rush hour. But the ground staff seemed to be pretty slow  but thankfully I was able to catch my flight on time. The Pune to Chennai flight was good, enough legroom for comfortable travelling. The aircraft was a bit congested but manageable.
user-rating: 3.5
author: "Vasudhiti Shankar"
Quite comfortable journey with Spicejet as always. The food was good, however the service could have been more quick. The attendant serving tea was quite slow. Also, while the luggage was being released via belt 6 it was informed to collect it from belt 2. The complete procedure took almost 30mins more to get wrapped up.
Review Ratings: 3.5/5
Raghav Jain
My Indigo flight from Pune to Chennai was late by 40 minutes and I had a another flight from Chennai  just 3 hrs from the scheduled arrival of this flight. I spoke to the Indigo authorities at airport and they assured of arrival within time. Fortunately, I was able to get my next flight. Services can be better.
user-rating: 3
author: "Krittika  Gupta"
I got my Chennai ticket from Pune booked through Cleartrip at a reasonable cheap deal. Happy with the Indigo deal altogether! I tried some food from Pune airport restaurant, but it wasn’t up to the mark. Quality can be better as per the price that I paid for that burger. However, flight was on time, nice flight, hassle free. 
user-rating: 3.2
author: "Narendar Pande"
I had quite a good experience, with my first Spicejet journey, from Pune to Chennai. I arrived early at Pune airport, where I spent my 3 hours quite pleasantly using the free Wifi connection at the airport. My baggage weighed 16.5kg but I wasn’t asked to pay extra, they just instructed that it should be less. Cabin Crew was quite humble and good service indeed, though the price was bit higher compared to Indigo.
user-rating: 4
author: "Saravana Iyer"
Star rating: 2.5
18
