This time I chose Cleartrip for flight booking as well as hotel booking at Nagpur. Received a good deal of discount on both the bookings especially Pune to Nagpur flight! The best part about Cleartrip the discount coupon codes worked and you can actually bag in some considerable amount of discount. No big fuss, yet cheapest rates on flights in particular.
user-rating: 3
author: "Nikita Bhushan"
Remarkable service against the extremely affordable Pune to Nagpur flight ticket rates of Indigo in aircraft. It was a hassle free experience from check-in to the boarding, however, the flight was 30mins delayed owing to rain, but what was good was that they constantly updated the passengers about the flight schedule. Enjoyed the food on the flight. Flight crew was active.
user-rating: 3.5
author: "Abhinav"
Ground staff behavior was not polite while check in and baggage screening procedure. Since I had an extra baggage of 5 kgs, they held back my baggage for 15mins and then informed that it was excess weight. I paid extra for that but found the behavior impolite. 
user-rating: 3.5
author: "Kunal Mehta"
I was shifting from Pune to Nagpur with my wife who was 4 months pregnant. The air hostess of Indigo Pune to Nagpur flight noticed it and asked if we would prefer the front row seats, with extra leg room, and managed us a couple seat in the front row. Thankful for her kind and caring gesture!
user-rating: 4
author: "Manju"
The indigo flight was not spacious. The seats were not so comfortable with less leg room compared to SpiceJet. Even the seats seemed like that of a bus, not cushioned enough for an aircraft. Though Indigo offers cheapest rates, but the comfort was not as expected.
user-rating: 3
author: "Sreyan Kakkar"
There can be improvement with the PA systems of Indigo. The cabin crew announcements were not clearly audible. Otherwise service on board was okay as expected. However, senior citizens can be offered a bit priority in the check in and boarding procedure. My father who is 78yrs of age had to wait in a check in queue last month for 30mins. Pretty tough for an old man!
user-rating: 3.5
author: "Mehul Bakshi"
Star rating: 3
19
