Having heard about Air Canada being the fastest airlines for Toronto to Vancouver we booked our tickets through Cleartrip and also availed their hotels near the airport booking feature. Due to some issues I reached the airport late and was denied check-in in spite of repeatedly showing them proof that I needed to get on the plane, without delay. I had to bear the loss and then wait at the airport to take the next available flight. Very inconsiderate of the Airport officials and the airlines.
user-rating: 1
author: "C. Wang"
Air Canada is one of the best Airlines to travel with. They were impeccable in their service. Their carrier was spotlessly shiny and the seats were spacious. We enjoyed our journey and we were hooked on to their newest and outstanding entertainment facilities. Absolutely out of the world experience, loved flying with them.
user-rating: 5
author: "Edmund Datton"  
I booked 2 tickets with West Jet Airlines from Toronto to Vancouver via the Cleartrip app. They are masters at air ticket booking and provide all the details needed. They always offer best deals too. My journey with this airlines was perfect, no worries at all. Improvement areas would be food menu.
user-rating: 4.5
author: "Ronald Simpson"
Air France flight from Toronto to Vancouver was an average experience. The staff was okay but the food served was quite good. They had a nice variety of items to eat and juice was quite fresh.  I was quite impressed with food presentation. Interiors were clean and fresh.
user-rating: 4
author: "Tyler Churchill" 
Lufthansa Airlines from Toronto to Vancouver was great. We enjoyed every bit of our flying with them. They were hospitable and efficient right from issuing the boarding pass to security clearing check. We were made comfortable at the waiting lounge. Airport operations can definitely be better. Cool people with impeccable staff.
user-rating: 4
author: "Riyaz Ahmad"
Cathay Pacific Airways from Toronto to Vancouver in business class was our first time with them.  Spacious seats and the privacy offered made us happy that we chose to fly with them. The food they served was also lip smacking and the drinks offered amazed us. Absolutely wonderful experience and would recommend it to all.
user-rating: 4.5
author: "Lynn Carter"
Star rating: 2.5
14
