 I recently flew Biman Bangladesh airlines from Kuala Lumpur, and I must say that I really enjoyed the flight. Overall, it was indeed a great experience. Despite a slight delay, the flight landed on time, and the crew was indeed helpful. The food menu can be better. What I noticed was that the crew gave special attention to each customer. When I boarded the plane, I faced no issues with my carry-on luggage as there was plenty of space. 
user-rating: 4.0
author: "Mr. Girish Oberoi"
The whole experience was indeed great right from the Biman Bangladesh online booking to boarding, and flying. I was lucky as I got some great discount on my Dhaka to London flight ticket. The plane was nice and comfortable, and the flight staff was good-natured.  All I can say is that my flight was very enjoyable. What's more, I was able to book my brother on the same flight and had no trouble changing the flight as he was on some other flight earlier.
user-rating: 4.0
author: "Rafia"
 What made me try out Biman Bangladesh airline was their reputation for providing affordable flights and positive experience. Moreover, when I compared Biman Bangladesh airlines ticket price from Khulna to Singapore with other airlines, I was impressed by the low airfare. I bought the flight ticket at once. I recommend the airline strongly to anyone looking for low budget but professional airlines.
user-rating: 4.0
author: "Edward Moore"
 It is indeed strange for someone like me to write a review for an airline as it is simply just not me. However, I could not resist myself from penning down Biman Bangladesh airlines review because of the wonderful experience I had with them. They have entertainment systems also on-board along with Internet facility. I not only enjoyed a great flight at lower costs but also enjoyed great services from a very helpful staff on this flight. 
user-rating: 5.0
author: "Sumitra Chatterjee"
 I stay in Dhaka and I have travelled to Bangkok, Dubai, Jeddah and Muscat on Biman Bangladesh flights many times.  Biman Bangladesh flight search is easy via online travel sites and the official airline website.  You can expect awesome deals on popular routes from them. In-flight food entertainment and duty free shopping on the flight was exciting. Choose this Bangladeshi national airlines without second thoughts. Thank you again for the wonderful service and I will definitely fly Biman Bangladesh again!
user-rating: 4.0
author: "Dorothy Jones"
Star rating: 4.0